docs: useCategoryTree and useCategory (#350)
vuestorefront/bigcommerce: docs/composables/use-category-tree.md

# `useCategory`

## Features

> `useCategoryTree` composable is responsible for fetching a category tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `useCategoryTree` composable is used to fetch the category tree.
```

## API

> - `load` - the main querying function used to query category tree from the BigCommerce platform and populate the `categoryTree` object with the result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `load` - the main querying function used to query the category tree from the BigCommerce platform and populate the `categoryTree` object with the result.
```

  ```typescript
  const load = async (): Promise<void>
  ```

> - `categoryTree: CategoryTree[]` - the main data object that contains list of a category tree fetched by `search` method.
> 
>   See [CategoryTree](../reference/api/bigcommerce-api.categorytree.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- - `categoryTree: CategoryTree[]` - the main data object that contains a list of a category tree fetched by the `search` method. See the [CategoryTree](../reference/api/bigcommerce-api.categorytree.md) interface for more information.
```

Reviewer: Change `interface` to `type` if it's a `type CategoryTree`

- `loading: boolean` - a reactive object containing information about the loading state of your `search` method.

> - `error: UseCategoryTreeErrors` - reactive object containing the error message, if `search` failed for any reason.
> 
>   See [UseCategoryTreeErrors](../reference/api/bigcommerce.usecategorytreeerror.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `error: UseCategoryTreeErrors` - reactive object containing the error message, if `search` failed for any reason.  See the [UseCategoryTreeErrors](../reference/api/bigcommerce.usecategorytreeerror.md) interface for more information..
```
